Update issue templates (#1121)
codex-team/editor.js: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request

> about: Suggest an idea how to improve editor.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Suggest an idea of how to improve Editor.js
```

> about: Suggest an idea of how to improve Editor.js

Reviewer 2: Suggest an idea to improve Editor.js

title: "\U0001F4A1"
labels: feature
assignees: ''

---

> 1. Describe a problem.

Reviewer 2: problem -> feature/goal

Author: The feature is the solution. It will be described in the next section. In this section, it would be useful to hear the pain or a problem user reached

Reviewer 2: okay

> 2. Describe the solution you'd like. The mockups will be welcomed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Describe the solution you'd like. Mockups are welcome.
```

> 3. Are there alternatives?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Are there any alternatives?
```
